Today's number, guys, is 2.11%.
The average gain of a Santa Claus rally
during a positive year. But will that
happen again in 2025? And more
importantly, are we seeing signs of
fragility into 2026? Today, we talk
about what Tom Lee believes now may
happen to crypto and how things could be
getting worse before they're getting
better and what we're seeing on the
ground level in terms of liquidations.
And on top of that, what really is the
best investment moving into the end of
the year? It might be a bit of a
surprising one. And yes, we've loved it
for the last couple of years. Guys,
don't go anywhere. We've got a lot to
cover. Stocks, commodities, and cryptos.
Let's talk about them all right now.
Well, welcome back everyone to the
special weekend edition of the Daily
Show. My name is Thomas Atinson and
today we're discussing the macro, what
Wall Street doesn't want you to know
about the markets right now and of
course the data surrounding the end of
the year into the middle of January.
Yes, what happens here tends to actually
show us a lot about the structure of the
market year ahead. And as you guys know,
we're also fresh coming off interest
rate cuts in America, which means that
we should be able to put together some
massive pieces of the puzzle for the
next 12 months in just a few weeks. So
stay tuned for that and of course stay
tuned for our special webinar event that
will be completely free detailing what
we believe is going to happen next. Now
if you haven't been living under a rock,
you're probably familiar with something
called the Santa Claus Rally. The most
well-known seasonal I would say in the
market and of course something that
people do expect to happen each year,
bringing an average during positive
gains of 2.11%
according to the data here from Grand
Hawkidge over on X. But maybe more
importantly than any of this is actually
what Santa brings us. Now you might say,
could it be coal? Could it be stock
gains? Could it be something else? Well,
actually only 75% do we get stock gains?
But according to the market stats, and I
didn't even know this one, gold is what
he brings. Take a look at this. 95% of
the time, and even when it was negative,
it wasn't very negative. Gold is bullish
over the Santa Claus period. And I've
got to say over the past 20 years, this
is actually an incredible stat that even
I wasn't familiar with up until just
recently. Now, why is this important?
Well, of course, it always breaks down
to whether we see price action come with
this. And later on today's show, we'll
be talking about gold because, of
course, silver, platinum, palladium,
metals we've loved recently have all
gone ballistic. But we've also seen gold
start to pick up and play with that
all-time high zone. So, could we be
seeing Santa take it all the way higher?
Well, we'll talk about that later on.
Let's also have a look here at Subu
Trades data. And I've got to say, this
is pretty interesting as well. No
surprise if we're seeing a lot of metals
doing well. Materials or XLB is up 72%
of the years. And we also see financials
tend to do well around this period of
time with the two strongest returns. But
these are each sector of the market. And
it turns out consumer staples generally
not doing so well during the Christmas
cheer. And the reason why that is is of
course the defensives you might notice
are down here on the right hand side.
And the reason they're there is because
generally it's a positive time for
markets, not a negative time. Now, if we
don't get a Santa Claus rally, just
remember to mark that in 2026 because
that will be one of the first signs that
something is not right with the 2026
market. And some of you already might
suspect that, but that also is a stat
that we will be tracking. Now,
three-year commodity performance. If
you've been watching this channel for a
long time, even the last couple of
years, you would know about two and a
half, three years ago, we went super
bullish on, of course, our favorite
metal here, which is gold. Now, this
year, we turned bullish on silver. And
I've got to say, it was an exceptional
year. Take a look at the performance
here. 179% over the last couple of
years, and then platinum started to play
just recently. Now, I don't like soft,
so I'm not going to mention coffee, but
copper also broke out recently and we've
seen palladium and even iron ore start
to pick up. So, it just shows you that
again, if you're looking at different
markets and you have looked at different
markets this year, you've actually done
better than the market by far in some of
those metals. So, I'm going to give you
a clap. And yes, I do know that today we
have a little bit of a dodgy mic because
I'm just with some family members as I'm
shooting this recording, but I did want
to bring you this video because I think
there's a lot of important data to be
sharing with you into, of course, the
merry season. All right, let's have a
look here at the midterm year
seasonality. Now, you guys are probably
all familiar by now that midterm years
don't tend to bring anything good when
it comes to the markets. The traditional
year kind of looks like this. if it's a
second and it's very important the
second presidential term cycle. Now,
this one of course is very unusual. So,
it depends whether you want to take it
as second or first. But if it's the
first, you can see here the average is
much much worse. And remember, this is
actually for all midterm election years
versus just of course the second ones.
Now, it's more important than anything
that we see the beginning of the
structure of the markets. and people
like Tom Lee and others are starting to
come out and even start to shout around
the idea that we're going to get a dip
and we're going to see some extreme
volatility. Well, I had a look into the
data and as you guys know, we've been
expecting this for a little while and
one of the things here is that the
positivity rate for January is actually
not very good. Have a look here at the
first half and second half. They're
actually generally more on the downside.
And this is actually a very important
stat because if this does happen again,
it will actually have more implications
to the rest of the season as in the
whole year than you may think. And it
does tend to actually be a negative
month for markets when you take all of
those things into consideration. Now,
why is this important? Well, we shared
over on X that according to the latest
Bank of America survey, we're actually
seeing that the cash level here, the
one-mon cash level anyway, is -2%
after getting such a low cash reading.
So, this basically means that the stock
market itself is generally negative a
month later, but that it actually
returns positively most of the time 3
months later. So, what is this telling
us? that we may get a dip at the
beginning of the year and then a rally
that we have to be looking forward and
it's likely that it is actually not a
crash period in the markets. Now, is
this backed up with what we're seeing
Wall Street actually do? Remember, never
listen to what they're saying, guys. I
actually just heard a stat the other day
and again I haven't proofed this exactly
but because of the power of course of
Kathy Wood and her fund years ago it
turns out the amounts of billions that
have been put into that because they
haven't been doing so well until up
until recently actually was one of the
biggest losses for retail ever recorded
on record. So it might have been the
biggest I'll have to look into that one.
But it just shows you that you've got to
follow of course less the narrative and
more the price action, the data, the
macro side. bring it together like we do
on this channel and then hopefully you
won't be stuck in any particular
narrative. Now, let's have a look here
at the largest darkpool trade ever
reported on DIA, which is of course the
Dow Jones Industrial Average ETF. Now,
there's been quite a lot of cluster
trades coming up here near the highs.
And you might say, is this Wall Street
selling? Well, it's probably Wall Street
taking some profits off the table and
locking in some stuff for the end of the
year before they rebalance. So, you've
got to remember that has been happening.
But there are some concerns on the
horizon. So let's have a look here. Bank
of America, Sevita, Sub Romanian, I
think it is over at Bofer Securities.
And you can see here or B of uh you can
see from Seth Golden share here that
basically it looks like they're
concerned a little bit about certain
things. They don't believe that the AI
kind of bubble is 2000s, which you'll
see is actually what most people think
according to the surveys lately. And
they're actually raising a sector that
we've looked at recently and been
bullish on which is staples. They're
raising that to overweight at this point
and still no consumerf facing AI
consumption all capex spend. So of
course they're concerned about that. You
can pause the video here if you want to
check that one out. Credit cycles also
starting to become a bit of a concern.
But according to the latest survey here,
uh you can see from Deutschbank, it
actually shows that tech valuations and
AI enthusiasm is the number one concern
of most investors on a crash. And as we
often say on this channel, if everybody
thinks it's a bubble, then it's probably
not going to pop. It's when everyone
thinks it's the new norm that you have
to be worried. And of course, uh yeah,
this is just the the standard thing that
we've always played with. We've been
talking about for a while. And at least
in my opinion, I think we might have
topped out at AI bubble discussion
probably sometime in August. If you look
at Google Trends, that's what we found
later or earlier this year because of
course we did see that everyone was
talking about it. Now people are
starting to fracture and some people
believe it's real, some people believe
it's fake. And when everyone or the vast
majority of people ignore it and say
it's the new norm, that's when we'll get
terrified on this channel. So why is
this important? Well, we have to look
now at whether the market is totally
overpriced. And you might say, well, it
is, Tom. What are you talking about? We
certainly know that leverage is up. We
certainly know that people's cash
holdings are down. We also know that in
general, of course, there are a lot of
stretched PE valuations. And if you're
actually looking at the valuations based
on history, you'll find that we're in a
pretty high percentile. And this is a
good chart here from Mike Sicardi and of
course Goldman Sachs and Fact Set that
shows that you know what's the cheapest
market segment yet tends to be real
estate right now. Do I like it? Uh
frankly no. I think the price action
sucks on that particular area, but it
may improve and if it does, maybe that's
an area. To me, one of the most
interesting areas coming into 2026 is
actually going to be energy, which I've
warned against this year being a very
geopolitical tension style uh area, but
it could improve. And again, this is
just a very interesting zone because if
you have a look here, some things are
starting to get pretty expensive,
including, of course, healthcare,
industrials, and the always the usual
subjects such as tech. Now, what has
smart money been doing coming into the
end of the year? Well, we mentioned
before that smart money hasn't really
done that well in 2025, but what they
have been doing is actually, it looks
like selling a little bit, and we're
actually seeing this in momentum funds
as well into the end of the year. And
the market of course itself has been
kind of rising up higher. Now have we
been seeing this in darkpool activity?
The answer is quite simply yes. We've
been seeing some pretty big action and
if they are declining in their overall
purchasing. If this is true it could
bode for a volatile January. So of
course we'll need to be watching the
price action quite a lot. For now though
I think the price action does look
relatively bullish. So you've got to
kind of say well it looks at this stage
that the Santa rally could happen. And
of course, we always say keep these in
the back of our pocket. Know they're
there. Know they're a concern, but at
the same time, we follow the flow, not
the narrative. If it's in the press,
it's in the price. One of our favorite
statements. Here's a big one here that
is causing some controversy. Obviously,
Fund Strat led by Tom Lee supposedly
told clients to expect major crypto
correction in the first half of 2026.
Now, it's important to note that Fundrat
is not one person. It's not just Tom
Lee. This is uh I think it's Sean
Farrell and he's the head of digital
asset strategy and this has been going
around on X. This one here is from the
Coin Bureau and of course a lot of
people are confused about what this
could mean. Well, it could actually mean
both things. Remember Tom Lee is very
bullish on Bitcoin thinking I think it
can go to 150 200K and then Sean's come
out and said he believes that Ethereum
might go down to $1,800 sold to $50
which would be pretty concerning and
Bitcoin could fall into that 60 to 65K.
Now, at 68K, I will tell you there's a
pretty extreme buy zone there. So, if we
do get into those levels, we'll see
about that. But, yeah, interesting that
they're turning quite negative. And what
I found was when I was going around the
internet is I actually found this pretty
interesting little uh unbiased. FYI
consensus report. But I thought you guys
might like this one because the it's
actually number two on long-term
prediction of Bitcoin, which is that
what is the sentiment doing? Now,
funnily enough, this is I think
following more Tom Lee more than Sean,
but if you actually have a look here,
Tom Lee's obviously not being as bullish
as you would expect according to the
general sentiment over here. I thought
he was bullish, but anyway, it says here
that it isn't. And then he's turned down
and then around here, he's actually
become very bullish. And funnily enough,
that has been a pretty good signal of a
basing pattern. Now, take of that with a
grain of salt, but uh this is another
present uh I guess it's from altcoin
daily or something over on X, which is
just showing the 2026 outlook. And
again, it kind of shows that again Sean,
I believe it's Sean's comment, um are
showing here that um yeah, it it it
doesn't look so positive for Q1. To me,
I think that crypto is just going to
follow, generally speaking, a price
action movement based on liquidity.
Liquidity is starting to get injected
back into the system. We are starting to
see uh the Fed make some moves. I heard
there's a 7ish billion injection coming
in the next day or two. So, that's
there. And I think that it's very
important to see again the flow start to
turn positive, especially the ETF flows,
which as you can see here, according to
the latest data I shared over on our X
account, links in the pin comment down
below, turn negative on the 19th again.
Um although we have seen some price
action uptick. And do remember guys, the
narrative last week was that if the Bank
of Japan was to raise interest rates,
which they did, then everything would
crash and we would see the markets go
down. And remember we showed that poly
market that had like a 99% chance of
them raising rates priced in and
everyone said it was going to crash in a
day and what did it do? It went up
$25,000. So follow the price action is
the key here. And what I'm looking for
and what you should always be looking
for is capitulation. So regardless of
the sentiment each way, capitulation is
key. And what we've actually seen here
is a increase according to the latest
glass node stats of big big big big kind
of points here where effectively people
that are losers in the Bitcoin holding
that is they've bought at a higher price
are actually selling. Now when loss
sellers come in that shows capitulation
and you'll notice that all of the great
lows that we've seen in quite some time
have seen spikes similar to this. Well,
the good news is if you're a bull on
Bitcoin, we just tapped into one that
did lead into at least a bottoming
process. So, we're not at what I would
call an extreme high for this, but we
certainly are at what usually is a
stabilization zone. You can actually see
here. This is the worst line you've ever
seen recorded. But have a look at this
guys. Look at this level. Look where we
are. Look what happens. Okay,
consolidation. What's happening right
now? Current consolidation. Could it
still break low? Yes. But it does show
that there's a reason we're
consolidating and that is that people
are capitulating and maximum fear has
started to re-enter the room. All right,
let's now talk about broad markets in
the sense of price action. What are we
seeing on the S&P? Well, one of the
things we mentioned recently is that we
do not usually see the advanced decline
go up without making a new high and that
to be the top. It's very rare for that
to be the top. So, that's the first good
sign. The second one was that we broke
above that 6830 zone and obviously we
entered back into positive gamma. And
you can see here because we're recording
this with some futures open that the
markets have jumped a little bit higher,
but that's not a bad sign. You go here
to the 2-hour chart, you'll notice we
took out that 6830 zone. That's pretty
positive and it does kind of bring down
that if you're going to see sells,
they're going to be purchased up. So, at
least the data is actually looking
pretty good for a Santa rally this year.
And I guess that does make sense when
we're looking at everything on the
table. Could it still be negative?
Anything can happen. But do remember if
we go back over here to this chart for
the S&P, we'll take a look at the
weekly. Look at that huge rejection. The
WIX is excited. So, someone has
obviously started to buy up in what was
a massive options expiration week. And
remember as well, guys, what did we see
huge dumping of? We saw tons of people
buy puts last week. And we know what
Wall Street likes to do when everyone's
buying puts, like to get rid of their
money. All right, let's now have a look
at the S&P 500 from a perspective of
gamma and whether we're in positive or
negative. Well, a 6850 plus should get
us back into positive gamma. So,
obviously that would be quite strong for
the bulls. And you'll notice here that
we get this 6,800 put level that's on
the 23rd. So, I think it's going to be
hardressed for the S&P, not impossible,
but hardressed for it to be under the
6,800 by too much. Uh, we have seen some
of these big put zones hold. Notably
last week, we had the Q's, which was the
NASDAQ at 600. That thing was just what
a level. Like, you know, you guys saw
it. We talked about correlation and
boom, as soon as it was hit, it was
nailed and then they bought bought
bought the rest of the week. Net GEX for
Tesla. This has been a big positive
gamma win for a lot of people out there.
We've obviously been positive on it
recently. Still aiming for the 500 just
underneath at this stage. And Nvidia
actually could be a chart to watch again
guys. 185 plus a higher high. We'll look
at it on the market in just a moment.
Then we've got IBIT which you guys know
my opinion. 48 underneath 48's getting
worrying for of course Bitcoin. And 43
could be the next zone which equals
around 75K. And on the positive side,
you're wanting it looks like for now
some form of kind of 55 plus breakout
and I bit because that's where the main
options are. But we'll keep watching
that one. For gold, it all comes back to
one key level. 400.
And guess where we are right now, guys?
399. Santa Claus, could you be coming to
town? New break high. Could we get some
massive positive gamma and maybe live up
to that actually extremely good stat?
Let's now have a look here at what's
going on with spreads. Nothing much in
terms of weakness there or freakout. So,
of course, the markets themselves don't
seem to have any bond concerns. We did
see the Japanese one-year, as you can
see here, spike up to a new all-time
high, but then it came straight down.
And if we have a look here at the US
dollar yen, and we actually take a look
here at what happened to the yen over
the time, it just rallied. It had an
epic rally back up. And obviously, we're
getting close to those all-time highs.
And I guess you got to remember this was
kind of my argument like over here we
obviously saw uh the market freak out
and this actually caused a massive level
of volatility if you remember rightly.
Over here we actually also bought the
dip after this to get back into of
course the market. But we're starting to
approach these danger zones again. I
think the real story is probably around
162 for the dollar yen. That's when you
might see the central bank starting to
freak out. But look, if you were able to
buy uh the dollar yen, I guess you'd be
happy. Has it created a a crash in the
markets yet? No. I would instead be
looking at the dollar yen at that
all-time high level. That's where the
concern is for me because guess what?
That's actually a unknown. And the key
is in markets, the fear of the unknown,
guys. What do we don't know is usually
freaking people out. Nvidia versus the
SPY still holding its support which
again shows that the most important
stock in the market Nvidia is holding on
to its base at this stage. Earning
season coming up not that far away. So
we're going to be talking about that
again as well. New high 273 could
activate some big bulls here. IWM small
caps also performing pretty well since
of course the uh rate cut over here and
the rate cut speculation if we're able
to break down this this downward trend
line. Again, smalls and mids could
outperform in 2026. That may sound good,
but actually, as we've detailed before,
it will ultimately be bad, but good for
the beginning. Dollar index, not much to
really report here on the US dollar.
It's kind of stuck. And you can see the
general trend has been more negative.
It's hit down into kind of like a a big
trade zone. It's bought up a little bit,
but I don't think there's clear edge on
that this chart at this chart time in
chart. And you can see here that I of
course like gold and we have liked gold
for days and days now. But the weekly
closed pretty solidly. We got two dogeis
there. We seem to be clawing towards an
all-time high. And for now uh the market
is obviously, you know, trying to take
out this this uh period here of 4380.
So if we do get a nice close on today,
again, Santa might be bringing the gold
and not the coal. Let's move over to
silver. It continues to spike up, guys.
And as you know, we've actually been
more bullish on platinum recently, which
is just pushing and pushing. This this
contract is super low on liquidity as
well, which is helping to push it up.
But be very careful, guys. If it's if
you haven't traded these hard these
metals before, please look into your own
risks and and and parameters around it.
They can get kind of risky if you don't
know what you're doing. And then, of
course, palladium also pushing up. So,
I'll give you guys a clap for this
because it has been pretty damn sweet.
uh great metals trading this year,
probably some of our best. So, let's
have a look here at copper. Uh is copper
good? Yeah, I mean looks fine to me.
Daily looks quite bullish. Obviously,
the market has been on the uptick. We
actually talked about this in our
private community and before any of this
really happened. We're actually down in
this area here in the fives and it does
look like it's pushing towards that 5.8.
Uh so, again, just showing you that it's
like this flow on effect. We started
with gold, then we moved into silver cuz
price showed us it. Then we moved into
platinum, platium because other precious
metals and lithium at the time as well
and rare earth minerals. And now it
seems to be going copper, iron ore, and
some of those others. So you can kind of
see here that there's always a new
opportunity. And this year we've come
from that abundance mindset. You guys
have told me in the comments below that
it changed some of your lives and that's
a huge deal to me. So thank you very
much for letting me know that. You might
say, well, how the hell does word
abundance change our lives? Because when
you think about it, it's everything. you
go out there and you know one of the
questions I often ask myself especially
in the consumer world that we live in is
is this thing that I'm buying going to
bring me more problems and I know that's
not stock but when you've got to think
about it almost everything you own
actually brings a certain level of of a
problem you know what I mean like if you
own uh anything really if you own a a
pool let's say in the back of your car
and back of your house you have to
therefore deal with the salt deal with
the chlorine deal with all this stuff
and then suddenly clean it and all these
other things. So suddenly it's a problem
that you're having to deal with. A brand
new car, maybe you bought too good of
one and someone scratches it. It's a
problem. So I think the same thing in
the stock market. If everybody is
feeling FOMO or you're feeling FOMO
towards it, then you've probably missed
the opportunity. Look for the next one.
Guess what? There's thousands happening
every day. There are so many trade
pairs. Obviously, some are better than
others, though. Let's have a look here
at US oil. What have we got going on,
guys? It is sitting at the lows. It
actually closed the weekly slightly
better than some would expect. Look, I'm
not saying this is bullish. It's not.
It's obviously in a downward trend, but
you guys know I'm laser focused on oil
into 26. I'm very interested in that
trade and we'll see what happens. We'll
watch and if it happens, it happens.
What's going on here with Tesla? Still
positive gamma obviously consolidating
underneath 500, which makes me think now
that obviously if it does breach back
up, it's probably going to crush 500 and
go super positive gamma. But um at the
moment of course the trend is what it is
and the trade has been a little while
ago. Now let's have a look at Nvidia 185
plus could be a huge breakout for the
stock that's been doing nothing now for
wow a lot of months August so quite a
while. Uh and of course they'll be
pushing I would say they're going to be
pulling back so graphics cards for the
general retail public. Therefore prices
probably push up there and they make
more money. But on top of that, they're
obviously going to be supplying AI and
we're seeing huge spends by from from
from all sorts of big mag seven stocks.
HSI China time uh nothing much going on.
Obviously 265 is going to be important
for that. And NASDAQ did manage to kind
of, you know, just get above those
previous lower highs. So again, looking
kind of bullish. We go here to the
weekly. You can kind of see here that
that's a strong bullish looking hammer
or pin bar as people call it. And I
don't really think this is a negative
looking chart. So, I know a lot of
people want to go bearish on it, but it
just doesn't look bearish at this stage.
Obviously, if things change, things
change, but you've got to follow the
prevailing trend most of the time. And
at the moment, it is quite bullish. Have
a look here onto crypto. We can see here
that Ethereum has done a little bit of
repair work over the last couple of
sessions, which is cool. But I think the
big one is Bitcoin. 84 under, quite
bearish. 75 next stop according to the
options anyway. 90,800
could get the bulls back. So, watch that
space. And again, the narrative was so
negative. Look at these. They're going
to be me so many stop losses above this.
And I actually did have that. I don't
know if I did I put it in today's video.
I don't think I did. But let's just tell
you that 90,800. There's a lot of stop
losses there. I think that could be
liquidated out. So, here and here are
the two big short squeeze zones. Here is
where I think the bulls start to really
lose control and the markets could could
dive, you know, upwards of almost
$10,000. uh fairly quickly. So, Bitcoin
still one of the most interesting charts
in the market right now. To summarize
today, guys, it does look like hopefully
the seasonal can play out as in the
Christmas seasonal. If it doesn't,
remember it does start to bode
incredibly poorly for 2026. 2026 is a
midterm year, which we've detailed in
our last video. Doesn't tend to bring
the bulls. It actually is more of an up
down and all around, if not very bearish
year. So, we got to be a little bit
careful on the way it's coming in.
Earnings, earnings, earnings will be
important. Please make sure to sub to
the channel so we can take you along for
the ride of what is going to be wild.
Make sure to follow us on X. Make sure
to follow me, Thomas Atinson, on
LinkedIn as well. And obviously, if
you're more interested in finding out
our private community and interested in,
of course, learning how we replicate
some of the trades of this year, I'd
have to suggest the day trading
masterass and advanced class. The day
trading one's actually more of a
positionalbased class which I think you
guys would find very interesting. Thank
you so much for watching. You have a
fantastic day and I wish you all a very
merry Christmas if you celebrate that. A
happy new year and of course this has
come to the time now where I'll produce
videos when I can. Uh but it won't be as
common as every day like we usually do.
So just remember it's that that period
of time guys that we do every year. And
I do appreciate if you do click on the
videos and uh keep us in the algo and
and make it all go round. But um yeah,
fantastic gift. You celebrate if you've
been in medals, I guess, and been in
some of the other sectors. And I think
and I'm seeing this a lot in feedback
that a lot of you have realized that
there are more than just tech sectors in
the markets and that you can make great
money by thinking outside the box. In
the words of Steve Jobs, I guess, think
different. Bye for now.